# TypeORM Maintainer Meeting Minutes

## Present

- @alumni
- @mguida
- @oleg
- @michaelbromley

## Agenda

### Announcements

- TypeORM website is live!

### Updates

- @michaelbromley attempted to publish new patch version, ran into issues with the provenance mechanism. 
Suspected it might be a temporary issue on the npm side. @alumni then triggered the workflow using the specific tag, and it worked!
- @alumni Covered several PRs he has reviewed and merged.
- @michaelbromley suggested a "maintainers" page on the new website, to give some visibility & credit to the maintainer team. Also
  a "contributors" list (or at least e.g. top 100) that we can pull from the GH API.

## Action Items

- @alumni working on PR for next release. https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm/pull/11520
- Potential next patch release in around 2 weeks, if we have by then merged a few more PRs.

## Next Meeting

- Date: 03/07/2026
