# TypeORM Maintainer Meeting Minutes

## Present

- @alumni
- @dlhck
- @mguida22
- @michaelbromley
- @naorpeled
- @OSA413
- @w3nl

## Agenda

- Ongoing team updates

### Announcements

- Docs are planned to be released within the next two weeks +-

### Updates

- @naorpeled said that most of the docs work is done, what's left is mostly refinements.
- @naorpeled is stuck with the null/undefined PR - will try to do some pairing sessions in the next 2 weeks to get it closer to the finish line.
- @michaelbromley is planning on releasing a new release next week.
- @michaelbromley will setup a release process through Github Actions.
- @alumni improved the CI runtimes significantally (by changing docker images to more slim/stable releases and more).
- @alumni is working on setting up SAP HANA tests.
- @naorpeled raised the topic of OpenTelemetry, we didn't come to any conclusions, requires further investigation on the approach to go for, perhaps fork https://github.com/aspecto-io/opentelemetry-ext-js but it does require extra maintainance we aren't sure we want to take.
- Talked about monorepo, considering moving to NX, @naorpeled will raise a discussion on Discord.
- @michaelbromley said that when it comes to new drivers, let's aim to not do extra work as much possible, promote creation of external drivers if possible. Note: This is currently not easily supported and will need to be thought about in the future.
- Regarding https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm/issues/11364 - we'll add them to a postgres compatible section in the docs and state that it doesn't support concurrent DDLs as the time of writing.
- we will create a new section/page that talks about postgres support and mention postgres compatible DBs.
- @alumni suggested to run monthly DB tests on Postgres compatible DBs.

## Action Items

- @dlhck + @gioboa + @naorpeled will finalize and release new docs.
- @naorpeld will continue to try to advance the null/undefined PR to the finish line.
- @naorpeled will post a discussion regarding the monorepo on Discord.
- @naorpeled will investigate OpenTelemetry tracing instrumentation further.
- @michaelbromley will release 0.32.2.
- @alumni will continue working on SAP HANA tests.
- @alumni will try to create a workflow to run monthly DB tests on Postgres compatible DBs.

## Next Meeting

- Date: April 10, 2025 at 8:00 PM CET
