# TypeORM Maintainer Meeting Minutes

## Present

- @michaelbromley
- @mguida
- @alumni
- @w3nl

## Agenda

### Updates

- Last release had a breaking change, but it turns out the change prevents a potentially dangerous operation
  (deleting all rows from a table). We decided not to revert it, but to document in the release notes.
- Discussed that we will prepare a major release, v1.0.
  First step is to gather proposals for items that would be breaking changes.
  We are assigning them to the "Next Major" milestone, and organizing them in the roadmap
  project board: https://github.com/orgs/typeorm/projects/1/views/3
- Based on open & close-to-merge PRs we should be able to do another solid patch release in the next few weeks.
- Naor was not able to attend so no updates on the website yet.

## Action Items

- Michael to update the release notes for v0.3.23 about the breaking change and advise on how to fix code
- Members will take some time to add issues to the next major milestone, and in the next meeting we can
  discuss.


## Next Meeting

- Date: 2025-05-22
