# TypeORM Maintainer Meeting Minutes

## Present

- @michaelbromley
- @naorpeled
- @mguida22

## Agenda

### Updates

- @naor: The new website is now ready for release. The last remaining task is to connect the repo with Cloudflare. Only the org admin can do that, so Naor is in progress coordinating this with Umed.
- @guida: Has been in touch with Yugabte regarding getting them listed in the docs. Decision: we will list them with a caveat that postgres support is not complete (multiple typeorm tests fail due to incomplete support for pg features on their end).
- @guida: Has been reviewing a couple of PRs that would be good additions to the next release

## Action Items

- @naor: Push through the last setups with Umed to get the new docs deployed. At that point @michael is able to update DNS records.
- @guida: Respond to Yugabyte and ask them for a doc we can link to listing the pg incompatibility.
- @michael: Planning a release of 0.3.23 for next week

## Next Meeting

- Date: 2025-05-08
