# TypeORM Maintainer Meeting Minutes

## Present

- @michaelbromley
- @naorpeled
- @alumni
- @mguida22
- @jovanadjuric
- @w3nl
- PATTY

## Agenda

### Announcements

- 0.3.21 RC was released, and 0.3.22 is scheduled next. We are also considering the first major release soon.

### Updates

- @michaelbromley said that he wants to delegate more responsibilities to the maintainers.
- @alumni suggested two approvers for PR to be merged, which was implemented immediately.
- @mguida22 suggested that we fix the failing tests
- @naorpeled suggested that we establish code owners.
- We increased the code coverage tolerance from 0 to 0.5%.
- We discussed some open PRs and issues.
- Project milestones and a new project board were created.
- Everyone shared their updates.

## Action Items

- Continue working on the new documentation website.
- Work on the next releases.
- Enhance test setup.

## Next Meeting

- Date: March 13, 2025 at 8:00 PM CET
