# TypeORM Maintainer Meeting Minutes

## Present

- @michaelbromley
- @naorpeled
- @alumni
- @mguida22
- @jovanadjuric
- @OSA413

## Agenda

### Announcements

- 0.3.21 was released.

### Updates

- N/A

## Action Items

- @mguida22 - Explain differences between drivers more clearly in the docs.
- @naorpeled Deprecate sqlite3 in favor of better-sqlite3.
- @naorpeled - Integrate CodeQL.
- unassigned - Conduct a survey to determine the best meeting time for everyone.

## Next Meeting

- Date: March 27, 2025 at 8:00 PM CET
