# TypeORM Maintainer Meeting Minutes

## Present

- @Naor
- @alumni
- @michaelbromley
- @mguida

## Agenda

### Updates

- @naor: Docs website: Naor needs to coordinate the setting up of Cloudflare with Umed,
  then update the branch with new docs updates. David needs to send the invite to Umed
- @naor: Finalized the null handling PR, needs review now.
- @michael: New release last week, mostly pushed by @mguida
- @alumni: Created new `next` branch for major release coming up

## Action Items

- push website through (Naor, David, Michael)!
- Target all breaking change PRs to the new `next` branch.
- Everyone who has time, review Naor's PR (https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm/pull/11332)

## Next Meeting

- Date: 2025-06-05
