# TypeORM Maintainer Meeting Minutes

## Present

- Naor
- Lucien
- Angelmoreno
- Oleg
- Michael

## Agenda

### v1 Roadmap

#### Required
These tasks are required in order to release v1.0

- drop support for NodeJS 18 (and older) (https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm/pull/11382)
  - Replace gulp-based workflows with Nx (https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm/issues/11691)
  - Do not do the full monorepo work yet - defer that for a later phase
    
- remove features deprecated in v0.3 (Connection, ConnectionManager, findByIds etc.) (https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm/issues/11603) 
  @jovana / @naor
  Need to be careful for APIs that are still used internally.
  (Regarding "ConnectionManager" - this would be best supported once we move to a monorepo, but for
  now we could also just keep it in (though deprecated), and then later move it into a separate
  package once we have a monorepo setup.)
  1. Create a list of API candidates for deprecation
  2. Investigate usage of these APIs to ensure safe to deprecate (no internal usage)
  3. Focus on most visible APIs (e.g. Connection -> DataSource) first
  4. Finalize APIs to deprecate and do it (consult with maintainer team via Discord & GH Issue).
     
dependencies:
- drop support for old client libraries (spanner, better-sqlite, sqlite, mysql, mongodb etc) (https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm/issues/11692)
- remove `sha.js` (use crypto Web API instead)
- remove `uuid` in favour of builtin crypto module
- replace built-in hashing function with builtin crypto module (all three: https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm/issues/11693)
- replace glob with tinyglobby

- Deprecate init CLI (https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm/issues/11694)
  - The setup is outdated, requires maintenance

- new null/undefined behavior in FindOptions as default (https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm/issues/11695)

- introduce support for explicit resource management (using/Symbol.asyncDispose) for QueryRunner
  - Requires upping minimum supported TS version to 5.2

#### Non-blocking
The following tasks would not block the v1.0 release.

- introduce new property Driver.dialect to replace DriverUtils.isXxxFamily and allow users to create new drivers 
  based on supported dialects + use it in QueryBuilders and tests (pre-requisite to monorepo) @lucian
  - support node/bun native sqlite clients

- libsql open PR

- refactor migration CLI, make migration generation code usable without a CLI. @lucian

- Repo housekeeping (not a blocker on v1)
  - handle package manager with corepack to avoid different npm versions in CI (probably switch to pnpm too)? 
    Or find a way to specify an exact npm version in CI
  - migrate tests from mocha to vitest @angel
    - harmonize assertion function
    - If we move to Nx first, it has built in executors for vitest (does not block move to vitest)
  - enable google spanner tests - needs Docker image & workflow
  - move custom images which are use in workflows into monorepo
  - more eslint rules? Handle existing warnings first @angel
  - Survey maintainers to see who still wants to be active. @michael lower permissions of non-active GH users. Remove once confirmed via Discord (@naor to post)
  - Prettier config: reinstate semicolons, consider increasing max line length from 80 -> 120  (last step)

## Action Items

- @michael - find/create GH issues for each item above & add to the project board
- @michael / @naor - clean up maintainers
- @naor arrange installing Qoda
- @michael Set up lucian with permissions to set up renovate, create branches.
- @michael invite Piotr to maintainers
