# TypeORM Maintainer Meeting Minutes

## Present

- David HÃ¶ck
- Michael Bromley
- Lucian Mocanu
- Mike Guida
- Mohammed Gommaa
- Naor Peled
- Oleg Sokolov
- Piotr Kuczynski
- Julian

## Agenda

### Announcements

- David covered plan to get incorporate non-profit association in Austria,
  as a vehicle to manage funds to be raised from companies and orgs with an interest in TypeORM. Funds will
  then be used to pay core maintainers for time spend on TypeORM
- Board will initally consist of David and Michael, with Lucian announced as the third member and new Technical Lead of
  the TypeORM project.

### Updates

- Lucian reviewed progress on v1.0 targets
- Discussion took place about what to prioritize of the outstanding tasks
- Discussion from Michael about current poor onboarding experience for maintainers, lack of info on key people and roles

## Action Items

- Lucian to create a single issue to enumerate and track v1.0 work: https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm/issues/11819
- Michael to work on adding initial maintainer info to this repo
- Naor to work on a version switcher for the docs in anticipation of some breaking changes in v1.0
- Decided on bi-weekly meeting for now to keep better control over v1.0 tasks. Naor to arrange.

## Next Meeting

- Date: Wed 17th December @6pm CET
