# TypeORM Maintainer Meeting Minutes

## Present

- Lucian, Michael Bromley, Naor, Mike Guida, Piotr, Julian Pufler, Gomaa, Oleg, David Hoeck

## Agenda

### Announcements

- `master` branch is now for v1.0. The v0.3 is now on a `v0.3` branch.

### Updates

- David: in talks with Kapa.ai to get AI-powered docs for the docs website. They say it takes 2-3 months for them to set it up. Maybe worth finding a different solution.
- David was in contact with Neon about sponsorship. They offered $100/month.
- David after xmas will work on updating website that will be better for getting sponsors. After that, active outreach is needed.
- Naor started working on versioning for docs
- Naor looking into null/undefined bugs that have been reported
- Naor working on PR for "returning" for update operations. Hit a 
- Oleg working on test suite (no help needed)
- Mike G - working on fix for redis detection.
- Lucian prepped branches for v1.0 release, cleaned up some milestones
- Lucian discussed [feat: find APIs more accurate return types #10082](https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm/pull/10082) - should we target this for v1.0? 
  Might be too big a change and we need to really understand exactly _how_ breaking it would be and whether there are performance implications on the
  TypeScript side.
- Julian got familiar with repo & release plan. Will work on the remove buffer polyfill issue.
- Piotr - working on several issues: mongo, deprecating old sqlite etc.

## Action Items

- Generally working on the items in the [Release Plan issue #11819](https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm/issues/11819)
- Michael B to set up trusted publishing for the next release
- Oleg will coordinate with Michael B on enabling the Stryker mutation testing

## Next Meeting

- Date: 07/01/2026
